
### Part 1

1. I plan to hide my XML reading (including how the files are structured) from the rest of the program. The rest of the program only needs the data from the file, not to know how that data was read in.
2. All of my objects have different purposes - an XMLParser, a `SimulationBuilder` a `CellSociety` class (to run the simulation) and the `Main` class, to launch the application. The only hierarchy I can think of is having a line `CellSociety extends Main`. 
3. I will make the XMLParser and its implementation, including building the simulation, closed. The format of the file should remain constant, so if the user changes the initial format of the XML file the program will not run. This is because the XMLParser runs in a very specific way, and changing the XMLParser each time would be tedious and might mess up other simulations. The way to add new simulations is adding new XML files in the proper format. The part that will be open is the `CellSociety` class, because it will have to consistently communicate with the grid in case the user changes some attributes. If users wish to change the size, color, number of cells, etc. in the simulation, they can do so in the `CellSociety` class.
4. I need to raise an exception in any of the following instances:
	* If the file chosen is not in XML format. If this happens, the exception is handled by opening another file chooser with a message that reads
	>Please choose a file in the proper format
	* If the file chosen does not have the correct format _according to our simulation_. If this is true, the exception will be handled the same as above - by asking the user to choose a file in the correct format.
5. Great design, to me, includes flexibility. I want to make sure that if the user wants to add new types of simulations, that it is relatively easy to do so. All that the user has to do, in our case, is write a new XML file in the proper format detailing how to set up the simulation. Since there is little flexibility with the XMLParser, it is very easy to add new simulations through XML files. Also, the `CellSociety` class being relatively open gives the user a lot of flexibility in changing UI aspects of the application, so that they can tailor it to their own tastes.

### Part 2
1. My part of the project is dependent upon the `Grid` abstract class and its subclasses, which is in turn dependent on the `Cell`  abstract class and all of its subclasses. The class that runs the simulation needs to be able to pass initial information about states to the grid. It also needs to be able to pass information about parameters (like the percent chance that a tree catches fire in the "Fire" simulation) in case the user decides to change them.
2. These dependencies __are__ based on the implementation of the grid; I need to pass in the correct information (in the correct format) to the `Grid` class so that there aren't any type issues. 
3. I need to communicate clearly with Charlie about how I will pass information to him upon initialization, and upon the user changing parameters. If we can come to an agreement early on, we will be able to simply implement the initialization.
4. Because my implementation is relatively simple (I have the same XMLParser for every type of file), I will not be implementing any sort of sub/super classes. However, both Charlie and Yameng will be doing so, with `Grid` and `Cell`, respectively.

### Part 3
1. My part will:
	* Display the GUI
	* Allow the user to change attributes of the simulation (like parameters native to a type of simulation)
	* Be capable of reading in a specifically formatted XML file and storing that data in an object
	* Initialize the grid according to the object generated by the XML file
	* Be flexible should the user decide to add another XML file (another simulation).
2. I'm most excited to work on the feature where the user can change parameters as the simulation is progressing - it will be very cool to see how the simulation changes according to these parameters in real time.
3. I'm most nervous about the xml parsing - this is something that I haven't worked on before, and it will take a significant amount of learning.